So, from now on
we are gonna use Express in our application.
So the logical question is now
what is Express and why should we use it?
So, Express is a minimal node.js framework,
which means it is actually built on top of node.js.
Basically it's a higher level of abstraction,
but, behind the scenes,
Express is written 100% using node.js code, okay?
It's also the most popular node.js framework, by the way.
There are a couple of others,
but Express has kind of become the standard here.
So, Express contains a very robust
and very useful set of features.
Things like complex routing,
easier handling of requests and responses,
adding middleware, server-side rendering,
and much, much more are all included out of the box.
And this of course allows us to write node.js applications
so much faster than before
because we don't have to reinvent the wheel, basically.
We don't have to repeat the same code over and over again
each time that we need to implement
some really complex routing, for example,
or some templating system or something like that.
So all of that is already included in Express,
ready for us to use.
For example, remember how we did
some extremely simple routing
right in the intersection of this course,
but it was still not really straightforward to implement it.
But, with Express, it's gonna
be like ten times more simple you will see.
Also, Express makes it easier
to organize our application into the MVC architecture,
which is a very popular software architecture pattern
that we're gonna explore during this course.
So, in conclusion, Express will make
our lives with node.js so much easier
and experience really is so much more pleasant.
So I can't wait to show it to you throughout this section.